hello everyone today we get
found for a new video
so I'm with the cartridge of my
sister so it's safe I'm going
show you what's really going on
with with pony landais the photo booth
so we're right now
I am in front of the photo booth I
will show you what's going on
you take the little room that you
used to photograph
so you do ok you'll see that
well he's fighting we're not going in their
trade finally it's not going to do like
read the run makes it all the same
thing so I know I had said in my
last video that bah could have
life etc
but in fact I actually got it wrong
because I did the test and of which we
can not have the city
so here is it just happens that
slab you're just that would be a beautiful
micron lob fatten you're just
there we stick so that's what I
explained in the description we are at
foot of the stairs of the shopping street
and we have a man all black
or then no we can not see the
city ​​we did not get hacked all that except
that I saw that when you type pony
moors on them on the searches of the
relaxing lounge
see that there are several cities I do not
do not know if the person was created
several cities or where
people attacked but I do not know
not how they did to be
acquired since the photo booth only gives
nothing you have stayed there
during all the time it's you quit
not so you can not prefer minimum
but you can not for example can
back all that moves and here you are
comes from the game is to move there I arrive
not here it's to support that too
not working so nothing happens so
do not be afraid so that's all
for the truth about skin nor I had
was scared the first time I did
that's there the test the photo booth so if
you turn here and they tend
you summarize you always have your
city ​​so I prove it to you
for not that you
I would have loved to have
just plan the party flowers
this is I still have my game so he goes
nothing to do without special
I will always have massa town
worry it does not have an impact on
your ds the most and here you are
so I always finally had that
this is the example can very well see that
it's not paul nylon in it's
always my sister's life that her
inhabitants this is proven everything and this
level there is no more and no
dangerous until she is very weird
and very worried so
August 1